when Dan mink of mid Miami roofing in
Monroe Ohio heard about the problems
plaguing the roof of the Westchester
safety services facility two words
immediately popped into his head
metal retrofit mink had been working on
a separate project for the township when
an official mentioned the need for a
roofing solution for a failing metal
roof top on the safety services building
the 190,000 square foot roof had reached
the end of its service life and needed a
replacement that would provide long-term
protection for its occupants a fleece
back EPDM metal retrofit was the way to
go what drove the specification was we
did an analysis of the roof from the
building itself through that analysis
was how he came to the conclusion that
we would use a any PDM police back
system
Carlile's 145 mil white fleece back EPDM
would be installed with two layers of
poly iso insulation a layer of secured a
CH d cover board and Carlisle's two-part
low vo C flexible fast adhesive the
system would provide superior protection
from the elements while addressing
problems associated with the metal deck
which expanded and contracted with the
temperature changes this is
multi-layered system obviously what
we're doing is filling the flutes with
the Carlisle ISO and it's a flute fill
it's cut to fit in the pan itself on top
of that we have additional insulation
and on top of that we have the HD cover
board all of its put down and flexible
fast adhesive because of his long
lasting relationship with Carlisle mink
knew that a Carlisle solution would be
second to none in terms of quality and
service then a Carlisle contractor now
for all I'd say a good twenty to twenty
three years I think they're the best
material on the market today they're the
easiest for the men to work with the
support that we have here in Cincinnati
from the Carlisle reps is just
outstanding
Carlile's pressure-sensitive accessories
were utilized for their labor saving
benefits as well as for their aesthetic
value we typically on any job used all
the Carlisle pressure-sensitive
materials we just think that it looks
nicer first of all and second of all it
also is a labor saving tool
and it cuts down on human error
Carlile's flexible fast adhesive with
its built-in elongation properties would
offer some give-and-take as the deck
expanded and contracted and provide
labor savings that mid Miami passed on
to West Chester Township this building
we've we've noticed I've been over at
different times of the day and you can
come in the mornings and when the Sun
hits the building on the East End the
ridge cap will literally raise you know
eight to ten inches and then you come in
the afternoon that has gone down the
middle is raised late in the evening the
West End is raised up and Carlyle came
up with their flexible fast for this
project we've done other fast adhesive
projects with Carlile but nothing that
required this much movement and after
we've got our first you know squares
down here we're about two hundred feet
into this project now for two hundred
and twenty feet long and it seems to be
a good solid roof and we're not seeing
any movement out of the membrane at this
point it seems to God all of that taken
out of the deck yeah I think the
flexible pest is doing what it was
designed to do the new roof is expected
to perform for decades and is backed up
to the last detail by Carlisle's
industry-leading 30-year total system
warranty
it's a 30-year detail total systems it's
going to cover the edging the Carlile
secure edge it's on it it will cover the
membrane all the corners are getting
four thirty year details all the same
and laps everything is a minimum six
inch wrapped three times yeah this this
this roof should perform well past 30
years for them with the help of Dan
Montgomery's design expertise and
support from Carlile rep Pat Dowling Mid
Miami roofing was able to provide West
Chester Township with a durable roofing
system that will protect its occupants
for several decades